Refresh README instructions (#1739)
Qiskit/documentation: README.md

1. Run `npm run gen-api -- -p <pkg-name> -v <version> -a <path/to/docs/_build/html>`.
2. Execute `./start` and open up `http://localhost:3000`, as explained in the prior section.

## Jupyter notebooks

> ### Add a new notebook

Author: This section was moved up from below. No edits made.

Finally, add the file to the folder's `_toc.json`, such as `guides/_toc.json`. The `title` is what will show up in the left side bar. Note that the `url` leaves off the file extension.

## Page metadata

Every page must set a `title` and `description`:

- The title is used for browser tabs and the top line of search results. It should usually match the title used in the `_toc.json` file.
- The description should describe the page in at least 50 but no more than 160 characters, ideally using some keywords. The description is what shows up as the text in search results. See https://github.com/Qiskit/documentation/issues/131 for some tips.

In MDX files, set the metadata at the top of the file like this:

```
---
title: Representing quantum computers
description: Learn about coupling maps, basis gates, and backend errors for transpiling
---
```

In Jupyter notebooks, set `title` and `description` in the `metadata` section for the file. In VSCode, you can set up the metadata with these instructions:

> 1. Open up the file with the "Open With..." option and then "Text Editor".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open up the file with the "Open With..." option (one way to do this is to right-click the file name to find the "Open With..." option) and then "Text Editor".
```

> 2. Scroll down to the bottom of the file for the top-level key "metadata". Be careful that this is the metadata for the entire file and not a single code block. You should see in the "metadata" section other entries like "language_info" and "nbconvert_exporter".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Scroll down to the bottom of the file for the top-level key "metadata". Ensure that this is the metadata for the entire file and not for a single code block. You should see in the "metadata" section other entries like "language_info" and "nbconvert_exporter".
```
